Typos (#222)
zcash/halo2: book/src/background/fields.md

A fundamental component of many cryptographic protocols is the algebraic structure known
as a [field]. Fields are sets of objects (usually numbers) with two associated binary
operators $+$ and $\times$ such that various [field axioms][field-axioms] hold. The real

> numbers $\mathbb{R}$ are an example of a field with an uncountable number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
numbers $\mathbb{R}$ are an example of a field with an uncountably infinite number of
```
We do mean to say "uncountably infinite" here: https://mathworld.wolfram.com/UncountablyInfinite.html

Author: Yep, this was just a small nit for readability, as uncountability implies the set is infinite. 

I can change it back if you think the previous reading is clearer or better terminology wise.

> numbers $\mathbb{R}$ are an example of a field with an uncountable number of
> elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
numbers $\mathbb{R}$ are an example of a field with uncountably many elements.
```
